Hey, good morning family.
I'm going to talk to you all about what's on my heart and what I've been praying about, and things that I've seen whenever I pray.
People are asking me, "What do you feel about what's going on with Israel and Iran right now?
" And this is exactly what I tried to tell you all in April whenever I came out in March.
It was probably February whenever the Lord told me, "The month of April will be during the eclipse.
" I said nothing will happen during the eclipse, but after the eclipse happens, because of Passover, during that time frame, there will be an acceleration of war, an acceleration with the weather, an acceleration with financial things, and an acceleration of signs in the heavens.
He told me back during Rosh Hashanah—and I'll repeat myself again, I've said this before—that from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah, it would accelerate and almost double the things in the spirit realm.
Then he came back to me and told me that it would do it again during Passover and that things would accelerate even more.
This was concerning the red heifer.
Things were going to escalate because of this, and here we are.
It's happening right before our faces.
All this stuff is happening on the news, and it's a big deal.
I was interceding for it, and when I told you all about the chemicals, about the 50-gallon drums, it's very serious what I saw coming out of Iran.
Back whenever I started interceding for this and telling you all about this, nothing was in the news about Iran really wanting to do anything.
Now they're saying they're at war, and then Iran is saying, "Hey, we're not going to do anything.
This was our only little thing.
" They're liars.
They're planning something.
This is where I was at in intercessory prayer concerning this.
When I told you I saw the 50-gallon drums of biological weapons coming into Syria and traveling on the border of Iraq, I watched the truck in the spirit realm.
Like I said, this thing is just like a powderkeg.
It's going to get even worse.
I don't know exactly when, but I'm just telling you all: we haven't seen anything yet, but the Lord will protect his people.
I believe with all my heart that we intercede on behalf, but this is where we are with America.
There's a lot that I've seen in the last 48 hours.
I went to a prayer thing Pastor Steve was having late—it was like in the morning.
Everybody was praying, and he invited me.
I went in and started praying as a leader at his prayer thing, and all of a sudden—and like I said, this usually doesn't happen in groups, I'm usually in the privacy of my home—the Lord started taking me and I started seeing visions of things that were coming.
The Lord warned me in that prayer meeting, in the visions because I started seeing American churches.
I went over in the spirit and the Lord opened my eyes.
I saw attacks on American megachurches.
I saw an attack on a church in Florida.
I'm not going to name any names because this is a public platform, but it's a mega church.
I saw another attack on a church in North Carolina, I believe it was, or South Carolina.
I don't know exactly what state this man's church is in, but then the Lord said, "It's not about non-denominational only.
" I saw Baptist churches being attacked, Catholic, Methodist, everything.
It was a terrorist-like ISIS-related event that was going to try to take place on Sundays at American churches.
I don't know exactly when, but it would be strategic, like they would work together wherever these cells of terrorists are in America, the ones that cross the border.
The Lord told me whenever I was praying at Pastor Steve's that I saw attacks, and it was very bad because I saw things happening in these churches with guns and with explosive devices.
Then I was shown baseball stadiums—open, not dome baseball stadiums—but professional major league baseball teams.
They were trying to fly in drones with C4 and stuff on them, trying to take out large crowds.
They were using remote control and trying to fly them into the stadiums and detonate them on the people inside.
I saw that in the vision.
I saw planned attacks trying to take place strategically in America.
Then the Lord showed me an attack on Sydney Harbor at the big opera house, and he warned me about something that was going to try to take place there.
So, I interceded; I prayed for that at Pastor Steve's thing.
I saw some kind of escalation.
What I was getting in the spirit was they just did a major thing where I think some people got hurt or passed away.
I think it was like 30.
I need to look it up.
I apologize that I didn't do my homework more, but it didn't get enough national attention.
It didn't create enough fear, and they were still planning and plotting with terrorist organizations in Australia trying to take out a major landmark, something of great significance to the Australian people.
This would become more national than what they were trying for.
Everything they try to do is to install fear, to show they're the bully, the bad guy in the corner, and they want everybody to fear them.
So, it didn't get the attention that they wanted.
Then the Olympics were shown, and the Lord warned me to pray for the Olympics.
I'm not going to get into all the things the Lord said to me about that because it's not necessary and it's not wisdom.
But I'm going to tell you all, if you live in Paris—I've told you all before I saw fires, I saw buildings on fire, I saw an attack against Paris and the Eiffel Tower.
I remember seeing smoke coming up.
But now the Lord took me even further.
I thought, "Wow, something's about to happen with fires in Paris.
" I felt in my heart it was related to terrorist issues.
I saw the president, or the prime minister, Emmanuel Macron.
Like I said, I'm not going to get into a lot of that, but I'm going to tell you this: I saw the Olympics, a world stage, the aquatic centers.
I saw an attack during that time frame.
Pray for the protection over this and that all hidden things be revealed about the Olympics, that there would be no loss of life, just to pray over these Olympic ceremonies.
It was really interesting because when I was praying, usually the Lord will give me cues to pray for one thing.
But this time it was like I was bouncing all over the globe, and the Lord was warning me about strategic things that the terrorists were plotting and trying to do.
It was very intense.
I saw a train coming from Germany going into other parts of Europe.
I don't know if it was symbolic, but this train looked green to me and they had put things on it to go boom.
It was serious; it was a German train coming out of Germany.
As I said, it was a passenger train.
Those were the key things I saw in prayer that were serious.
As an American, I felt we should be watchful about churches, stadiums, and our surroundings, even when in church.
Pray and obey, plead the blood over your congregation, and drive around your church to plead the blood.
You intercessory prayer people know what I'm talking about.
Use your authority; no weapon formed against you, your pastor, or your congregation will prosper.
We have authority over those devils.
Bottom line, those are demonic spirits inside those terrorists.
That's all it is—a low-level devil trying to cause havoc, and you have authority over it.
You don't have to walk in fear.
Say, 'I bind the maneuvering of that devil inside of those terrorists; you'll not touch our church or our congregation.
No weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
' I plead the blood of Jesus over our congregation, the people in it, my pastor, his wife, and the building.
Intercede over baseball stadiums and major gatherings, praying without ceasing.
We are in serious times.
Jesus Christ is coming, and the devil knows it.
He sees what's going on in the spirit realm; he isn't dumb.
He knows his time is coming to an end.
One day he will be thrown into the lake of fire for all eternity.
Judgment is coming for him, his demons, and his imps.
The season of grace is ending.
We are getting ready for the rapture and the seven years of tribulation.
He's throwing a fit, trying to bring forth the Antichrist agenda, but he has no authority until the church and the salt are removed.
The Great Restrainer, the Holy Ghost, is inside us.
We have the power to restrain the devil and stop him in the name of Jesus.
Pray over your churches and congregations.
This is serious and involves all affiliations—just Christians in general.
It's the Baptists, the Methodists, the Catholics, and the Church of Christ.
We are the body of Christ and we all love Jesus, even if we don't agree on doctrine.
I also warned you about Israel attacking Iran.
I said oil would hit $200 a barrel because of Israel's retaliation.
I saw gas plants and oil refineries being attacked by the Israeli government.
Now that the main event has happened with Iran, will we see Israel strike those refineries?
Oil prices will shoot up; gas was over $8 a gallon for unleaded—not ethanol, the corn fuel, but the pure good gas.
Prices rose because oil went above $200 a barrel.
I had this vision two years ago.
The Lord also warned me to pray over Coachella last year.
People ask how much of what I see comes to pass; I've sat on things for five years before they hit the news.
I'm still praying over Italy, where I saw a volcano wipe out a coastal city, killing over 300,000 people.
I warned that if you feel earthquakes or see smoke, you better get out.
The volcano I saw was in a coastal area, like an island near a cove, and it caused a huge tsunami.
When Israel retaliates, there will be more antisemitism even more so toward Israel because people will be mad about gas prices.
This will lead to protests and rioting against Jewish people.
I also saw a major storm from New York to North Carolina, reaching inland to Tennessee, which I first saw at Pastor Steve's prayer thing.
It looked like a black haze over the land.
And it was linked to terrorists.
It was linked to Muslim thinking.
Jesus is coming.
There was a lot, like I said, that the Lord has shown me in the last 24 to 48 hours, but I'm trying to remember everything so I can help you all so you can help pray for this.
Like I said, I don't bring it on here to scare anybody.
I try to shake you all because I'm trying to tell you big things are happening and Jesus is coming soon.
Some people don't believe that he's coming anytime soon, but I believe he is.
And I believe we're going to see—and some people say, 'Well, we're not going to see any kind of a crash of the economy until later on, like two or three years from now.
' No, I believe 2025 is a year you all should be really watching.
I warned you all about October.
I know there's a difference in opinion with a lot of people and some people believe a certain way and they're entitled to their opinion just as much as I'm entitled to mine.
But I'm telling you, the United States is not the focal point of the end times.
Regardless, I don't even know if I can personally read where we are in the Bible, where it talks about America at all in the tribulation.
But other than mystery Babylon, which I personally believe that New York is mystery Babylon.
People say, 'What about the hills and all that?
' Well, Robert Breaker goes into all that and he says there are actual hills in New York.
There are actually hills in there.
I thought it was a brilliant sermon that Robert Breaker preached.
He has a YouTube channel and he has a lot of subscribers.
He's a real blessing.
But what I'm trying to tell y'all is, people don't agree about New York being mystery Babylon.
I personally believe it is.
I've seen it.
And so you say, 'Well, I don't believe you.
' I don't really care what you believe.
I'm trying to tell you all what the spirit of the Lord says.
Now, if you want to listen, fine.
If you don't, go listen to somebody else.
I'm just being real with y'all.
I don't mean to be snippy.
It's a serious time.
The reason why I'm saying all that—forgive me, I get on these tangents—the economy of America will crash.
What I'm trying to tell you all is that our economy—some people will say, 'Well, I saw the black horse riding and that's what's coming next'—but that's going to be later on.
I believe we're about to see the economy of America crash.
Regardless of what everybody else wants to say, I believe in 2025; I've seen it.
The angel came to me.
I had a visitation of an angel and the angel said to watch the mulberry bush.
He told me the colors to watch and I warned you all in the video down below about the stock market crashing and about the angel writing on the copper pot.
I can't tell you what was on the copper pot, but he wrote on the copper pot and I saw people standing on the Persian rug and I saw the dinar and I saw the dinar going up in value.
I warned you all about that in the video.
I'm not going into all of it because it makes the video too long.
But I'm telling you all that the dollar is going to go to 50 cents; it's going to crash big time and people are going to lose everything in a matter of moments.
And I'm telling you, America will go through one of the greatest depressions.
I saw it.
Unless we can stop some of this, we can lessen it through prayer.
There's a lot of things that I believe, but I'm telling you, a great shaking is coming.
And people aren't ready.
They think it's going to be later on.
We have a time of prosperity right now.
I told you it's a small window.
It is a small window if you are listening and the remnant is listening, it will be a small window for the wealth of the sinner to be laid up for the just even more so, and a financial transfer of wealth from the wicked.
If you are listening, it will not be for everybody.
A lot of you say, 'I want to be a part of it.
' Seek him like you've never sought him before by prayer and fasting.
Seeking his face daily, and the Lord will show you the secret things.
But do not seek him for money.
Seek him for relationship.
If you start seeking him for money, I'm telling you, it isn't going to happen because he is not a genie.
He's God and he wants a relationship with his kids.
But if you have intimacy with him, he'll tell you the secret things.
It's never my motive to go before him and go, 'Oh God, what's on the agenda to make me rich today?
' Come on, man.
I go to him, 'Father, I love you.
' I hardly ever ask him for anything.
He always supplies everything I need.
I go in, I say, 'Lord, you know I have needs.
I already know.
I don't have to sit there and echo this to you.
I thank you, Father, that you supply all my needs.
I thank you, Father, that you take care of me, my wife, and my children.
' I'm just being real with y'all and I try to focus on him.
I just try to focus on having a relationship with him.
'What's your plan for my life?
' Because God, I don't want to be the captain of my ship.
You are the one driving my car.
I'm in the back seat.
You're in control of my life.
Show me Lord what you have for me.
'What's your plan for my life?
' Because I'm telling you I have plans in my thoughts and what I want to do.
But get God's divine purpose for your life and as footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord, just let him order your steps.
So that's what I want to tell y'all.
There is a great shaking.
And like I said, there's a difference in opinion of what people think of how long it's coming.
Some people say it's way out there.
I personally believe you're wrong.
I personally believe what I've seen and what the Lord has warned me as an intercessor to tell you what's coming.
And like I said, I could be off on timing.
I saw the $200 barrel of oil coming two years ago when it had manifested.
And now we're just seeing this starting to happen.
It still has not manifested yet, but I see fruit.
I'm going, 'Hey, we could be getting close now,' which stinks, but all is well.
All is well.
It's part of it.
Then I saw the dollar crash, 50 cents on the dollar.
I saw them seize all the money in the banks within seconds.
All the money was seized.
It was like—people say it was a debt jubilee.
No, the banks—it was like—I'm going to say it like this: the loans for the houses and the cars, they didn't expect you to pay them back because they could not foreclose on all those homes.
They could not foreclose on all the cars because there were too many people that couldn't make the payments.
So, it was bad.
And like I said, I saw it was like a Great Depression on steroids because people had no idea how to grow crops and do things like they did a hundred years ago.
So people were rioting and I told you all then they bring in the army to stop all this because of the rioting and the people pillaging.
You go back and watch the video.
Is that happening soon?
They say, 'Well, that's going to be whenever the black horse rides.
' No, that's not a global catastrophic event.
That's for the whole world.
I'm talking about America.
A great shaking in America.
But I just want to say God bless you all.
And I hope this video tells you all where I'm at and what I believe.
And I'm going to tell y'all—and I don't mean this as arrogant—when I see something, give it time, it will come.
I'm just telling y'all.
And they may say, "Well, I don't believe you; you don't know me that well.
I've only been on the internet for less than a year.
" But I'm telling you all, the things I see come to pass.
Give it time; you'll see it.
I'm that confident and I'm assured of it.
I'm that confident that we will see these things.
The Lord does not just show me things; it's intercessory prayer and I pray over it.
So let's pray.
I want to intercede for you all today for peace.
Father, I thank you for your hand on my life and that, Father, you're no respecter of persons.
I thank you, Father, that you said that you would speak to your people, that you would hear the Good Shepherd's voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
I thank you, Father, for your great protection over every single one of the people on this YouTube channel.
And I thank you, Father, that you are anointing them to do great and mighty works for you in these last days.
I thank you, Father, for your angels that keep charge over them, and they bear them up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone.
I thank you, Father, that you protect over Israel and you undergird them and you give Netanyahu supernatural wisdom on how to lead his people into war.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for supernatural protection concerning the soldiers.
That there'll be a thousand bullets on one side and 10,000 on the right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
We call for a hedge of protection, and we thank you that the Iron Dome will always protect and guard that land.
Now, God, concerning our churches, concerning our people, we plead the blood of Jesus over us.
We thank you, Lord, for our FBI, for the CIA, for our intelligence, and Homeland Security.
We pray for each one of them.
If there's corrupt people in there and they're bad people, Father, we thank you that you remove them.
And that, Father, you would raise up righteous, good, godly law enforcement that protects our nation in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, that you undergird them with the blood.
And that, Father, you protect our law enforcement—that they are protected and have angels watching over them.
We thank you, Father, that the Border Patrol would help us, Father, to weed out the bad people: the terrorists, the traffickers, the drug traffickers, the sex traffickers, all of them.
We thank you, Lord, that they're exposed and they're brought to justice in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that your mighty hand of protection is on this nation.
I know, Lord, there's a great shaking coming, Father.
But I thank you, Lord, that the body of Christ, the remnant that is awake, is ready.
And we're ready and we're prepared for such a time as this, that we realize that when this happens, Father, we will be ready to witness and share the love of God with people like never before: praying, laying hands on the sick, casting out devils, raising the dead.
Whatever you call us to do, we do it with great victory and with the anointing of the Holy Spirit.
I thank you, Father, that you say if we draw nigh unto you, you come nigh unto us.
I thank you, Lord, that we have a revelation of who we are in Christ in these last days.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Well, like I said, if you could like this video, subscribe, click the notification bell, it's a real blessing to us.
It gets our videos out all over the world.
And I just want to say thank you for all the well wishes, all the people that are nice to me in the comment sections.
And we will see you next time.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you.
And we will see you next time.
God bless you.